.TH exif_rename_files.py 1 \" -*- nroff -*-
.SH NAME
exif_rename_files.py \- Convert JPG file name to date format according to EXIF information
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B exif_rename.py
[\fIOPTION\fR] \fIFILE\fR... \fIDIRECTORY\fR...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Rename or copy jpg FILE or files in DIRECTORY according, to the information included in
the EXIF information of the image. File format of the output is \fIYYYY\-MM\-DD_HHmm[_N].jpg\fR.
"N" has a flexible number of digits. Hence, if there is 10 files with the same second, the first will be
 labeled with "01", preserving the alphabetical order of the images. The input files must be in jpeg 
format, having an extension of the form ".jpg" or ".JPG". By default, the images are copied in the 
same directory where the JPG file is located.
.TP
\fB\-h, \fB\-\-help\fR
show this help message and exit
.TP
\fB\-o, \fB\-\-output\-directory\fR OUTPUTDIRECTORY
directory where the image files will be written
.TP
\fB\-t, \fB\-\-dry\-run
execute the program, but do not move or copy the files
.TP
\fB\-C, \fB\-\-copy\-directory\-tree
copy the DIRECTORY tree in the output directory, to mimic the input sub-directories
.TP
\fB\-m, \fB\-\-move
move the files, instead of copying
.TP
\fB\-n,  \fB\-\-no\-clobber
Do not overwrite an existing file
.TP
\fB\-r, \fB\-\-recursive
look for files in the DIRECTORY and its subfolders
.TP
\fB\-v, \fB\-\-verbose
explain what is being done
.TP
\fB\-N, \fB\-\-include\-file\-with\-no\-exif
copy or move FILES with no EXIF, using their original file name as destination
.TP
\fB\-V, \fB\-\-version
Output version information and exit
.PP
The symlink are OS dependant. Under GNU/Linux, symlink pointing to files are processed, but symlink pointing to directories.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Miguel Tremblay
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2016 Miguel Tremblay <http://ptaff.ca/miguel/>
.br
License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
Full documentation at: <https://gitlab.com/MiguelTremblay/exif_rename_files>
.SH BUGS
Please submit bug reports to
.IR gitlab.miguel@ptaff.ca
